Update README.md (#10)
bluemazzoo/bluemazzoo.github.io: README.md

# Personal Website

> This repo was created to host the code for my personal website. This is a test and will not be merged. Here's an eror that neads too be fixxed.

Author: ```suggestion
This repo was created to host the code for my personal website. This is a test and will not be merged. Here's an error that needs to be fixed.
```

Test suggestion fixing typos and grammar.
